Match json bodies (#448)
wheresrhys/fetch-mock: docs/_api-mocking/mock_options.md

      - Headers
    content: |-
      Match only requests that have these headers set
    examples:
      - |-
        {"Accepts": "text/html"}
  - name: body
    types:
      - Object

>       - Headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    content: |-

>       Match only requests that have this body (requires a `Content-Type` request header to be set to `application/json`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Match only requests that send a JSON body with the exact same structure and properties as the one proviede here (also requires that the request has a `Content-Type` request header set to `application/json`)
```

    examples:
      - |-

>         {"JSON": "body"}

Reviewer: Not sure what properties are better to use as an example, but in my experience using weighted terms like 'JSON' and 'body' leads to confusion i.e. 'So do I need to include a 'JSON' property that wraps my body?'

Author: Ah yes, that’s a good point it’s not very clear. Will change
